Welcome back.
In this video we're going to talk about this first point.
Yes.
And why we needed for progress of webapps.
Now progressive webapps have a certain checklist you can check out on the progressive Web app checklist.
And I know I know I said that there isn't a checklist.
Think of it think of progressive webapps as a running list but that's because these are probably going
to get constantly updated and changed.
Now this checklist as you go through it does look a little bit overwhelming.
But we've been following good practices while building our apps just like we did with Robur friends
up and we've actually done most of these things.
So that's why instead of showing you this we only really need to focus on three main things that a progressive
Web app needs to do.
Now besides these There's a few features but the adoption for them such as Push Notifications haven't
been that smooth or are still in the works.
So for now we're going to focus on things that you can implement right now fully and be confident that
they're going to work in your app.
So yes HEG P.S. As you know since we mentioned it a little bit in the SSA section prevents bad actors
from tampering with communications between our app and browser so that if we're sending let's say a
user name and password to our server we can encrypt it so that that message that includes our password
travels to the server in an encrypted fashion so that if Bob the evil third party hacker is trying to
intercept the messages and read them even if he intercepts the message he won't understand it because
it's encrypted.
And again this is something that we talked about in my previous course.
Now Google is really pushing for this TTP US encryption and if we go back to our Web sites we see that
yes we have this little nice lock icon with secure.
That's a good sign.
Chrome has actually updated so that if you have any sort of forms on your Web site and they're not a
shitty B-S they'll show up here is not secure.
Pretty much schaming Web sites for now using a DBMS.
So anytime you're sending data from the Cline to the server you should be using a sheet to press.
Now why do we need that though for progressive Web apps.
And that is because progressive Web apps use some features that we're going to talk about in other videos
that require Yes for security reasons although this is a requirement for progress of web app.
In general you should always serve your web sites if there's any sort of communication with the server
through and if we go to our lighthouse report you see that when you scroll to progressive Web app and
we check out the nine past audits that we had we have uses HTP Yes.
As one of the requirements but how did that happen.
How do we have a DiPiazza ready.
And luckily for us we get this out of the box with get how pages you can see over here that this link
that was generated is a GTP s so any time you put a website on how pages we automatically get this encryption
which is fantastic.
Not all web sites can be hosted on get pages you probably want to have your own server your own domain
name well the easiest way to get HEG piece is probably through Let's encrypt let's encrypt is a free
and in rights it says over here it's a free automated and open certificate authority and they're fantastic
to use and a certificate authority is just this authority that says I'll give you a certificate to certify
that yes you are indeed whoever you say you are whatever your domain name is and let's encrypt gives
you free certificates.
That is really really easy to set up and they have great documentation for you to use.
I highly recommend them.
You also have something like CloudFlare and CloudFlare is a Cdn or a content delivery network which
we're going to talk about in later sections.
But for now you can think of them as a server that you can put your files on and just like get pages
that host your files on their servers CloudFlare hosts your site on their pages and automatically through
them you get a sheet.
Yes.
And if you go to their pricing they're actually very very generous and there's a free plan for personal
blog posts and any simple web sites that you have.
Again I highly recommend them and they actually do improve your performance of the Web site as well.
Again something that we'll get into and the performance part 3 Section going back to our Web site.
This is something that we get out of the box our app is going to work with all the other features of
progressive Web app because it's on pages and we automatically get this B.S. also and we can double
check over here with prepacked hacker news that yep indeed they are using a sheet CPS as well.
All right.
That's it for now.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.